README.md, before:

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/Pranav2612000/distrideochat/">
    <img src="public/assets/img/finallogo.png" alt="Logo" width="130" height="130">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">Distrideo Chat</h3>

  <p align="center">
    A distributed video/audio calling application!
    <br />
    <!-- <a href="https://github.com/Pranav2612000/distrideochat">View Demo</a>
    · -->
    <a href="https://github.com/Pranav2612000/distrideochat/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/Pranav2612000/distrideochat/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</p>
<p align="center">
  <b>Distrideo Chat is live <a href="https://distrideo.ml">here</a>.</b>
</p>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

## Table of Contents

- [About the Project](#about-the-project)
  - [Built With](#built-with)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Roadmap](#roadmap)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributors](#contributors)
<!-- - [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements) -->

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->

## About The Project

<!-- [![Product Name Screen Shot][product-screenshot]](https://example.com) -->

There are many video calling applications around the globe, but they are mostly server based applications providing maximum load on the server, wherein the audio and video quality decreases with increase in the number of participants. Many don't even support end-to-end encryption.

So we decided to develop a one-stop solution for not only addressing all these solution, but to give a seamless experience to the user. Distrideo Chat is a distributed video/audio conferencing application, which is designed to work on the edge, with very less interference of the server(i.e. peer to peer connection). It is designed to work efficiently on all platforms.

### Built With

Have used various libraries/frameworks for this project, the important ones mentioned here:

- [Simple Peer](https://www.npmjs.com/package/simple-peer)
- [ReactJS](https://reactjs.org/)
<!-- - [Laravel](https://laravel.com) -->

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

You will have to install the following.

- npm

```sh
npm install npm@latest -g
```

### Installation

1. Clone the repo

```sh
git clone https://github.com/Pranav2612000/distrideochat.git
```

2. Install NPM packages

```sh
npm install
```

3. Open the folder backend

```JS
cd backend
```

4. Start the server

```JS
nodemon index.js
```

5. In a new terminal tab, Start the project

```sh
npm start
```

<!-- - nodemon

```sh
npm install nodemon
```
- cors

```sh
npm install cors
```
-->

<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->

## Usage

In progress

<!-- ROADMAP -->

## Roadmap

See the [open issues](https://github.com/Pranav2612000/distrideochat/issues) for a list of proposed features (and known issues).

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to be learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

<!-- LICENSE -->

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.

<!-- CONTACT -->

## Contributors

- [Pranav Joglekar](https://github.com/Pranav2612000/)
- [Ved Dandekar](https://github.com/veddandekar)
- [Vasu Sharma](https://github.com/vasusharma7)
- [Anup Nair](https://github.com/AnupNair08)
- [Naman Modi](https://github.com/naman-modi)
- [Savan Nahar](https://github.com/savannahar68)

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

## Acknowledgements

- [GitHub Emoji Cheat Sheet](https://www.webpagefx.com/tools/emoji-cheat-sheet)
- [Img Shields](https://shields.io)
- [Choose an Open Source License](https://choosealicense.com)
- [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com)
- [Animate.css](https://daneden.github.io/animate.css)
- [Loaders.css](https://connoratherton.com/loaders)
- [Slick Carousel](https://kenwheeler.github.io/slick)
- [Smooth Scroll](https://github.com/cferdinandi/smooth-scroll)
- [Sticky Kit](http://leafo.net/sticky-kit)
- [JVectorMap](http://jvectormap.com)
- [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com)

-->

Commit message:

docs: added missing step to install backend dependencies
Added step ```npm install``` for backend before running ```nodemon index.js``` in readme

README.md, after:

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/Pranav2612000/distrideochat/">
    <img src="public/assets/img/finallogo.png" alt="Logo" width="130" height="130">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">Distrideo Chat</h3>

  <p align="center">
    A distributed video/audio calling application!
    <br />
    <!-- <a href="https://github.com/Pranav2612000/distrideochat">View Demo</a>
    · -->
    <a href="https://github.com/Pranav2612000/distrideochat/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/Pranav2612000/distrideochat/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</p>
<p align="center">
  <b>Distrideo Chat is live <a href="https://distrideo.ml">here</a>.</b>
</p>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

## Table of Contents

- [About the Project](#about-the-project)
  - [Built With](#built-with)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Roadmap](#roadmap)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributors](#contributors)
<!-- - [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements) -->

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->

## About The Project

<!-- [![Product Name Screen Shot][product-screenshot]](https://example.com) -->

There are many video calling applications around the globe, but they are mostly server based applications providing maximum load on the server, wherein the audio and video quality decreases with increase in the number of participants. Many don't even support end-to-end encryption.

So we decided to develop a one-stop solution for not only addressing all these solution, but to give a seamless experience to the user. Distrideo Chat is a distributed video/audio conferencing application, which is designed to work on the edge, with very less interference of the server(i.e. peer to peer connection). It is designed to work efficiently on all platforms.

### Built With

Have used various libraries/frameworks for this project, the important ones mentioned here:

- [Simple Peer](https://www.npmjs.com/package/simple-peer)
- [ReactJS](https://reactjs.org/)
<!-- - [Laravel](https://laravel.com) -->

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

You will have to install the following.

- npm

```sh
npm install npm@latest -g
```

### Installation

1. Clone the repo

```sh
git clone https://github.com/Pranav2612000/distrideochat.git
```

2. Install NPM packages for frontend

```sh
npm install
```

3. Open the folder backend

```JS
cd backend
```

4. Install NPM packages for backend

```sh
npm install
```

5. Start the server

```JS
nodemon index.js
```

6. In a new terminal tab, Start the project

```sh
npm start
```

<!-- - nodemon

```sh
npm install nodemon
```
- cors

```sh
npm install cors
```
-->

<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->

## Usage

In progress

<!-- ROADMAP -->

## Roadmap

See the [open issues](https://github.com/Pranav2612000/distrideochat/issues) for a list of proposed features (and known issues).

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to be learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

<!-- LICENSE -->

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.

<!-- CONTACT -->

## Contributors

- [Pranav Joglekar](https://github.com/Pranav2612000/)
- [Ved Dandekar](https://github.com/veddandekar)
- [Vasu Sharma](https://github.com/vasusharma7)
- [Anup Nair](https://github.com/AnupNair08)
- [Naman Modi](https://github.com/naman-modi)
- [Savan Nahar](https://github.com/savannahar68)

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

## Acknowledgements

- [GitHub Emoji Cheat Sheet](https://www.webpagefx.com/tools/emoji-cheat-sheet)
- [Img Shields](https://shields.io)
- [Choose an Open Source License](https://choosealicense.com)
- [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com)
- [Animate.css](https://daneden.github.io/animate.css)
- [Loaders.css](https://connoratherton.com/loaders)
- [Slick Carousel](https://kenwheeler.github.io/slick)
- [Smooth Scroll](https://github.com/cferdinandi/smooth-scroll)
- [Sticky Kit](http://leafo.net/sticky-kit)
- [JVectorMap](http://jvectormap.com)
- [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com)

-->
